Updates README and artwork to point to the latest image (#4)
logdna/logdna-go: README.md

The default app passed along with every log sent through this instance.

##### Env

* _**Optional**_
* Type: `string`
* Default: `''`
* Values: `YourCustomEnvironment`
* Max Length: `32`

The default environment passed along with every log sent through this instance.

##### FlushInterval

* _**Optional**_
* Type: `time.duration`
* Default: `5`
* Values: `10`

> The flush interval sets how often data is flushed and logs shipped into LogDNA.

Reviewer: "logs are shipped"

> The flush interval sets how often data is flushed and logs shipped into LogDNA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flush interval sets how often data is flushed and logs are shipped into LogDNA.
```

* Default: `5 * time.Second`

> * Values: `10 * time.Second`

Reviewer 2: having `Values` might be confusing like you are telling them these are the values they can use - I'd suggest to remove this line + is the type `time.duration` or `int` in seconds which you later multiply by `time.Second`?

Author: The purpose of the value field is just to give samples to the user of what they can use for a particular field (like FlushInterval) or example. Have it for the other fields (env, hostname etc.) so thought it would be useful to have it for FlushInterval too.

Also the type of FlushInterval is time.duration: https://github.com/logdna/logdna-go/blob/master/logger/logger.go#L19

Reviewer 3: I might change to "Example Value" instead of `Values` since they're really intended to show how to format or enter an example, like on line 187 where the value is a string, but it should be an IP address:

```suggestion
* Example Value: `10 * time.Second`
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with @nimbinatus's suggestion

Author: should I change the other fields to example value as well @nimbinatus @smusali?- want to be consistent in this readme and also with readmes in our other clients. for example looking at the nodejs client:

##### level

* _**Optional**_
* Type: `String`
* Default: `Info`
* Values: `Debug`, `Trace`, `Info`, `Warn`, `Error`, `Fatal`, `YourCustomLevel`
* Max Length: `32`

The level passed along with this log line.

##### app

* _**Optional**_
* Type: `String`
* Default: `''`
* Values: `YourCustomApp`
* Max Length: `32`

The app passed along with this log line.

Reviewer 3: I would. It's a lot clearer for future users. I think you can have multiple example values, as with the nodejs client. But I could see someone thinking those are the only values (and literally thinking the value `YourCustomLevel` is the actual value to pass).

The default hostname passed along with every log sent through this instance.

##### IndexMeta

* _**Optional**_
* Type: `bool`
* Default: `false`
* Values: `true`

We allow meta objects to be passed with each line. By default these meta objects will be stringified and will not be searchable, but will be displayed for informational purposes.

> If this option is turned to true then meta objects will be parsed and will be searchable up to three levels deep. Any fields deeper than three levels will be stringified and cannot be searched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this option is set to true then meta objects will be parsed and will be searchable up to three levels deep. Any fields deeper than three levels will be stringified and cannot be searched.
```

The default MAC Address passed along with every log sent through this instance.

##### MaxBufferLen

* _**Optional**_
* Type: `int`
* Default: `5`
* Values: `10`

MaxBufferLen sets the number of logs that are buffered before data is flushed and shipped to LogDNA.

##### Meta

* _**Optional**_
* Type: `struct`

A meta object for additional metadata about the log line that is passed.

##### Tags

* _**Optional**_
* Type: `string`
* Default: `5`
* Values: `logging,golang`

List of tags used to dynamically group hosts.

#### Key

* _**Required**_
* Type: `string`
* Values: `YourIngestionKey`

The [LogDNA Ingestion Key](https://app.logdna.com/manage/profile) associated with your account.

---

### Log(Message)

#### Message
* _**Required**_
* Type: `string`
* Default: `''`

> The line which will be sent to the LogDNA system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The line/message to be sent to the LogDNA system.
```

---

### LogWithOptions(Message, Options)

#### Message

* _**Required**_
* Type: `string`
* Default: `''`

> The line which will be sent to the LogDNA system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The line/message to be sent to the LogDNA system.
```

* Values: `YourCustomEnvironment`
* Max Length: `32`

The default environment passed along with every log sent through this instance.

##### FlushInterval

* _**Optional**_
* Type: `time.duration`
* Default: `5`
* Values: `YourCustomEnvironment`

> The flush interval sets how often data is flushed and logs shipped into LogDNA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flush interval sets how often data is flushed and logs are shipped into LogDNA.
```
